# Module10_ChallengeUNCC FinTech Boot Camp, Module 10 Homework Challenge ## Required Libraries/Packages ##pandas as pdhvplot.pandaspath import Pathsklearn.cluster import KMeanssklearn.decomposition import PCA sklearn.preprocessing import StandardScaler## Questions and Answers ## **Question:** What is the best value for `k`? **Answer:** # The best value for k is 4. Question: What is the total explained variance of the three principal components?Answer: # The total explained variance is .8899 or 89%* **Question:** What is the best value for `k` when using the PCA data?* **Answer:** # The best value for k is 4.* **Question:** Does it differ from the best k value found using the original data?* **Answer:** # This does not differ from the k value found using the original data.Question: After visually analyzing the cluster analysis results, what is the impact of using fewer features to cluster the data using K-Means?Answer: # Using fewer features to cluster the data using K-Means makes tighter clusters. The clusters contain the same coins across both cluster graphs, but the PCA clusters are easier to see and show clearly to a layman.## Contributors ##Giselle TarabolettiUNCC FinTech Boot Camp## License ##MIT LicenseCopyright (c) [2021] [Giselle Taraboletti]Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copyof this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to dealin the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rightsto use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sellcopies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software isfurnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in allcopies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS ORIMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THEAUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHERLIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THESOFTWARE.